Improve the documentation for layout and rendering(layouts_and_rendering.md). (#51312)
rails/rails: guides/source/layouts_and_rendering.md

A JavaScript file within a Rails application or Rails engine goes in one of three locations: `app/assets`, `lib/assets` or `vendor/assets`. These locations are explained in detail in the [Asset Organization section in the Asset Pipeline Guide](asset_pipeline.html#asset-organization).

> You can specify a full path relative to the document root, or a URL, if you prefer. For example, to link to a JavaScript file main.js that is inside a directory called `app/assets/javascripts`, `lib/assets/javascripts` or `vendor/assets/javascripts`, you would do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a full path relative to the document root, or a URL, if you prefer. For example, to link to a JavaScript file `main.js` that is inside one of `app/assets/javascripts`, `lib/assets/javascripts` or `vendor/assets/javascripts`, you would do this:
```
